java c
BLGY2155
Faculty of Biological Sciences Guidance on Level 2 Online Time-limited Assessment (OTLA) 
Essays 
You are required to write a concise and focused essay that   addresses   the   question   you   are   set making   use of relevant   knowledge and understanding you   have acquired from   lecture   material   and   wider reading. Our expectation   is that you will write the essay   having   spent   considerable   time studying the module content, engaging   in wider reading, taking   and   organising   notes, prior to the release of the OTLA question (i.e. as part of your revision).   It   is   unlikely that the   quality   of the essay you produce will   reach our expectations, and   receive a   decent   mark,   if you   have   not studied   and engaged   in wider reading   before the OTLA questions are   released. Wider   reading   could include   information from textbooks or reviews that was   not directly covered   in   the   lectures   and/or   relevant   primary sources (e.g.   research   publications,   policy documents etc.).   For each essay question you attempt, you should follow the guidelines outlined   below.
•          Your answer should be a concise   piece   of writing that   integrates   material from   different sources (lectures and wider reading) to provide   a coherent   overview   of the   topic   area. Your   essay should   not be a loose   collection   of observations   or thoughts. 
•          The essay should have an   introduction   that   provides   the wider   context   to   the   topic   and   which   leads   up to the focus of the essay question. An abstract   is not   required.   The introduction might for example   include a definition for the discipline   area/topic   being   covered and establish the scope of the material that will   be   covered. 
•          The   main   body of   your answer should be   illustrated   with   relevant   examples.   The   best examples are   likely to   be seminal and/or current (e.g.   key advances   in   the field,   cited widely   and/or published   in   major   journals). You should consider using   headings to emphasise   the         structure of your answer. 
•          Your answer should end with a final concluding   paragraph that   summarises your   major   observations and conclusions.
•          Consider illustrating your answer with sketches, figures   and   tables   if this   is   appropriate for   addressing the question that has   been asked.   In Biological   Science-related topics   this   is often the case, as data, evidence and   ideas   (e.g.   models) are   usually   presented   in   a   visual   form. A good illustration can save a considerable   number of words.   Each   illustration should   have a title and a   brief legend and   be   referred to   in   the   main   body   and   be   embedded   at appropriate points in the   main   body of your essay.
•          Figures and tables can   be   adapted from   a   source   such   as   a   textbook,   review   or   research   paper, but this should be acknowledged, e.g.   Adapted   from   Smith   and   Jones   (2019).
•          Given the time available to you,   it   is   likely that   figures   will   often   need   to   be   hand   drawn. Please embed an electronic version of the diagram   into your essay   question   (e.g.   by taking   a   photograph   using the camera on your mobile   phone and   inserting   it at the   appropriate point). A full   page can be used, if   required.   It   is   important   that figures   are   legible,   but   figures代 写Faculty of Biological Sciences Guidance on Level 2 Online Time-limited Assessment (OTLA) Essays
代做程序编程语言   will   be   marked for their content and relevance to the question asked   and   not   for   how   neat and   polished they are.
•          You should cite key   references   in the text   at   appropriate   points   and   provide   a   reference   list   at the end of the essay. The   referencing style. should be   Leeds   Harvard.
•          Please   make sure each essay   is   completed   as   a word-processed   document   using   1.5   line spacing, Arial font (11 pt minimum) and   margins   of 2   cm   on   each   side.   All   pages   should   be      numbered in the footer.   Each essay should   be no   longer than   1,000 words.   Note, this   is   the maximum word   limit and shorter answers may still gain a   high   score   so   long   as   they   meet         the criteria (see below) associated with a   strong   Level   2   essay   The   standard   penalties will apply for exceeding this   limit   (see below).
•          Each essay should start with   a   title   page   that   includes   the   following   information:   module number and module title, student   number, section of paper   (where appropriate)   and question   number (where appropriate), and title of question. The title   of the question should   be   repeated at the start of your answer. Students who   have a   purple   electronic   coversheet   provided   by the Student Support team   in relation to their specific   learning   difficulty,   should      make this their first   page and then follow the above   instructions for the second   page. 
•          Subheadings and   in-text citations are   included   in the word   count,   but   not   the   title   page,   the      essay question   itself   when   used as an essay title, reference   lists, figures, tables   or   legends.   The word count (excluding   reference lists, figures, tables or   legends) should   be   included   at      the end of the document.
•          As a guide, we suggest   including 3   to   5   references   for   an   essay.   However,   do   bear   in   mind   that   it   is not only about the   number of references you   include   but   the   relevance   and appropriateness of the references you select as well (e.g.   have you   identified,   seminal   works, does your references indicate   up to date reading   of the topic   area). 
Each essay will be   marked using the Qualitative   Criteria for Judgmental Assessment   of Level   1  2 Online Time-limited Assessment (OTLA)   Essays   (Undergraduate). These   criteria award   marks under three categories, i) content,   ii)   interpretation and   iii)   presentation.   Therefore,   in   reviewing your essay, you should be aware that excellent answers have the   following   qualities: 
1.       presents authoritative material relevant to the   question from   supplementary   reading   as well   as   lectures;
2.       demonstrates clear understanding of the material presented,   e.g.   by   explaining   concepts   at   a level appropriate for the   level   of study;
3.       shows analytic ability, e.g.   by identifying competing   arguments   or   positions   and   evaluating   the strengths and weaknesses of information;
4.       makes   judgements about concepts or ideas, e.g.   by   identifying   the   most   important   finding,   approach, or argument;
5.       has a structure that provides a   logical   flow   of   information,   includes   sub-titles   as   appropriate and uses a consistent   and   accurate   referencing style.





         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
